Date: November 19, 2021 at 00:00:00 AM NST



# A Good Turn

November 19, 2021

Things have gotten a little better in my work efforts. This has happened only recently, but it has happened. I had a week of good classes, new interactions, and fruitful engagement with the subjects I am teaching. I now see how I can be better. I'm hopeful that I will put a lot of what I now see into January and beyond. Here's hoping. Time to leave the pandemic behind.

Why must god mock the unbeliever with his presence... Watching *The Seventh Seal* tonight for the first time. Been obsessed with movies lately. Finished Thief earlier today (started last night). Great film. I let Theodore watch the last robbery...but wisely told him to disperse afterward. 

Finally finished Seven Samurai earlier this week. Incredible movie. I am now a huge Toshiro Mifune fan.

I need to create something. Something whole that stands on its own. A part of me apart from me.

This movie—*The Seventh Seal*—is so beautiful. Max Von Sydow. Nils Poppe as Jof, the adorable actor artist songwriter. Bibi Andersson lying down on the grass. Lovely. All in black and white. Black as death. White Knight.

*The Seventh Seal* and *Seven Samurai* in one week. So much good art to take in.

Jof and Mia.. ah. Ok I'm with it. 
Trumpets and bowls. The resurrection.

I'm not familiar with this part of the Bible (or any part, really). Should I be? I once thought so. I have Bibles. Two of them. I had a third at some point


HIGHTHOUGHT You can ... oh shit I lost it. 
Deceiving oneself
Why do I often deceive myself in my writing. My own writing. These words that I am now typing. To myself. I write poorly. I write without thinking.
When I am in my sixties, I want to look back at these writings and see exactly what my life was.
I do not want to see should-ofs, had-tos, and almosts. I want the truth. An honest account of my life and my thinking.
This has been a month of truth-seeking. A rare month. I am leaning in and hoping it takes me to good places. Art, games, family (gotta help B immediately. Starting tomorrow morning I help her overcome her demons), etc.

I am forced to write a lot as a teacher. Forced in that my paycheque and my self-worth to the world hinges on my writing instructions to an eager and small group of students from Western, Newfoundland.

Man. This movie is intense. Worth a rewatch with commentary very very soon. Some hilarious moments. Some moments that command attention and leave you wanting breath.

Guy who died of plague...what a death!

Vision of Mary and the child. Jof sees the knight playing chess with death.

It is now the morning of the 20th. The movie continues to swirl in my head. I suggest B go for a walk around Toppings Pond. She took the idea and made it happen.





