Date: January 31, 2015 at 00:00:00 AM NST



In South Branch.

I made it a full month without chips. There have been minor cheats, but overall - well done me.

Drinking issues have gotten bigger but are not completely resolved. Hockey nights are bad and need to get better. Thorough  gym weeks will help. I’m drinking rum+waters right now at the in-laws. That’s a SB tradition though and mustn’t be messed with.

Theodore is walking - has been for quite some time. I haven’t been writing - that’s more of the point. He is beginning to talk more but understanding more than we can imagine. Smart kid. Whiney at times, but y’know, he’s young yet. There’s still hope. 

It’s been 2 weeks or so without the P. I’m doing fine. I think about them more than I had hoped, but so far it’s fine. The idea of taking a road trip today set off P flares in my mind. “God damn, I must run and get some P before spending any amount of time in the car!” Foolish, silly thoughts. Beauty of a beast to beat.

Thrilled with how lifting is going. A little worried about my form, but overall I’m feeling pretty good. It’s hard not to immediately dislike some gym guys. I really need to shake that unfair anger. It’s not fair to me or the target of my irrationality.

Movies I have seen recently:

American Sniper: A huge disappointment. Why Clint why :( I love Clint Eastwood as an actor, but this movie missed the point big time. Doing a movie on this scumbag does a disservice to army personnel dealing with PTSD and other combat related troubles.

Birdman: Disorienting. Claustrophobic.  Superfluous actors. That said, it was compelling. I ‘watched’ the whole thing - in the truest sense of that word. My full attention was necessarily called for. Ed Norton’s part, while skillfully done, ended up being sidelined and unimportant? A rewatch may be necessary. Emma Stone’s acting has seen an overblown reaction. A refreshingly different movie. That said, I did not particularly enjoy it.

Selma: Felt intimate and focused. This and Budapest Hotel share the place of ‘Best Movies of the Year’ for me. For very different reasons. Budapest was a culmination of Wes Anderson’s career in film: a typical Anderson set piece with the most relatable story yet. (Fantastic Mr. Fox is still his best… hmpf).


Date: February 21, 2015 at 00:00:00 AM NST



Theodore cries for the required amount of time for me to spring into action.
I greet his open arms with quick strength and pull him onto my left shoulder - the bad one. Always the bad one.
After a couple of minutes of rocking I swing him back into the crib and routinely pile the blankets atop him.
“Goodnight, baby-ooo”
He laughs.


