Date: March 29, 2022 at 00:00:00 AM NST



# I can't shake this thing dragging me down

I am afraid to open up to the possibility that there is a deep rooted shame controlling my present life. 

Why did my neck start aching in high school? I had friends. I had a girlfriend. I remember being miserable at times and not really understanding why. I used gaming and sports as an escape. I think I always thought of my hobbies in that way. An escape. Exercise still has that affect on me. It's a drug. It treats, temporarily. 

I have trouble picking up a book these days. I remember being that way even as a kid. I *like* reading books, but I find it difficult to begin and develop the habit of reading through a book. Movies are a nice answer to this problem. Contained and consumable in a short amount of time.

COVID. Grandad. Two years of remote work. These 2 years have taken their toll. Still, I cannot explain this all away with COVID. I have been regularly drinking for a long time now. Since the Halifax days at the very least... potentially earlier than that, but contained more to the weekend.

Drinking is treatment. Pills are treatment. What the fuck are they treating? Memories of early anxiety (dismissed regularly as shyness in those days) lead me to believe that there maybe was something that happened in my early days that is still affecting me today. Does that matter? I cannot change what may or may have happened. 

Is it better to acknowledge and fully believe something happened without knowing that something did? Is it possible that what I experienced was not that big of a deal to an outside objective observer, but to me was traumatic? I think it may be. Blaming the victim, sure—not always the right thing to do—but that does not mean that victims are never to blame. 

Acknowledge, accept, and move on. *big sigh*

I have only ever drank in the evening. I rarely drink to excess... though the amount to get to that happy place certainly increases over time. It gets to be *a* problem, but it is not *the* problem.





















