Date: March 4, 2012 at 00:00:00 AM NST



March 4 2012

It was nice finally seeing the house in Kingston and I look forward to spending a night there in the summer.  

Rebecca took the second pregnancy test of the week and it has come back negative.  She is disappointed but I believe it will happen soon.  This is, perhaps, going to be the week of happenings.  My co-op position (if any) will be decided, as will Rebecca's job at Grenfell.

The week ahead is a busy one..

Tuesday: adfinitum interview
Wednesday: Theory midterm
Thursday: software, networking assignment
Friday: Logic midterm

I suppose I could leave all that for it's own particular day though now couldn't I!

Going to go to bed with a good book tonight.  
March 3 2012

This is a new thing I'm starting that I believe will be much more beneficial then any blog could be.  I'm writing my thoughts in a simple text file each day I remember to do so. It feels a like a completely sensible and worthwile thing to do.

Going to Carbonnear today to visit Rebecca's family.  Should be a relaxing day and a nice break away from the fog I've found myself in the past week or so. I need to 'see' my doings for what they are - simple, brainless wastes of time.  It really does not matter what browser/editor/OS I'm using as long as I'm actually using it.  Fiddling around with settings and all that nonsense is only well and good after continued and meaningful use.  After an extended period of use I'll better know what shortcomings a particular application may have and how I could alter its behaviour.  For instance, right now I'm thinking about how vim continues a word on another line.  This is something I could look into changing.  Right now the important thing is to write those words.  

Ok, couldn't wait.  Checking out some solutions right now.  Some are suggesting saving the journal files as .wiki.  Foling isn't something necessarily that I need - simple command searching and regex (a reason to learn) will probably suffice.  Another suggestions is a user created journal (JNL) system - txtfmt.webs.com/jnlandtxtfmt.htm .  I'll leave it alone for now and send my efforts elsewhere.

Tomorrow is going to be a busy, yet productive day.  Going to learn some JavaScript and hopefully get the assignment finished or at least well under way.  I'll finish the domain diagram for the third 3716 assignment.  Also, I'll hope to at least finish the video portions of the udacity course.




