Date: September 1, 2021 at 00:00:00 AM NST



# Moving out of the Summer and into the Fall

*September 1, 2021*

Coming back to work is hard on the body. During the summer I am a parent first. Being a parent involves being pushed and pulled into many different situations throughout the day. As difficult as that may mentally, it is actually good exercise for the body. A lot of calories are burned attending day to day chores and responsibilities. 

At work, I sit and type at a screen for hours. 6-8 hours a work day. Today my neck is strained and my lower back is shouting to be properly stretched.

I picked up regular yoga practice lately after a long long absence. I have already proved to myself over the years that regular yoga feels terrific, yet I still stop doing it. Here's to an old habit sticking around.

I have not been running much this summer. A little at the beginning just to show myself that I still can, but that was enough. My knees need a break after training and completing the first unofficial Steep Ultra 50k. I'm a little bummed that it was not an official run (cancelled due to COVID), especially after seeing the swag pictures on Facebook. No t-shirt, no medal, only the glory.

...

Today is staff orientation day at CNA. I attended until lunch time. Grabbed my free lunch and brought it to my office for some needed away-from-people time.

...

I am continuing to lean in to the technology that I have. The Thinkpad T480 is a nice machine. The keyboard is lovely to type on. It's powerful enough for my purposes. The screen is perhaps the weak point, but docking to the external Thinkvision monitor is a painless experience. My focus has turned to making that setup a nicer, more productive one.

...

digital writing. I get hung up on how to save it all. I think I have the basics down for the time being. The folders are structured by year and further on by month. That's enough to go searching on... not that I ever go back to my digital journals.

... that's something I need to remember. I rarely, outside of a couple of situations, have went back and read through any of my digital journals. Maybe someday I will, but maybe not. The act of journaling is the useful part. Getting thoughts from your head.

I also rarely go back and look at the physical journals, though they are more interesting as objects in the physical world. Also, I draw things in my journal (not so much recently, working on it...). 

Drawings are fun things to look back on. They more easily transport me back to a time and place.

