Date: January 16, 2021 at 00:00:00 AM NST



# January-16-Death_and_Cats

I am in the van in our driveway at 40 Elswick. The engine is running. Lawrence, who burned the back of his hand on the propane fireplace glass hours earlier, is asleep in his car seat. Grandad is in the hospital. He had a heart attack yesterday. He is alert and in good spirits, but wheezy and, at times, breathless. 

Our dear cat Belle, who has been living with Rebecca's mom for the past 5 years, passed this morning after having had a stroke on Wednesday. Sebastion, her littermate and constant companion, was euthanized on January 6.

My sister Jillian has been causing mom and dad immense stress (more than usual) these past few weeks. I need to write her but I have not yet found the energy. These early weeks have required too much. 

The semester (work) is starting to shape itself into an unlabelled but navigable map. New courses and new directions in old courses have increased my workload, at least for the short term.

Marcus Aurelius has poignant things to say of life and death. "We find ourselves in a river. Which of the things around us should we value when none of them can offer a firm foothold?" What is left to us but to "live this life out truthfully and rightly. And be patient with those who do not."

My heart hurt at mom's retelling of a moment in emerg where Grandad asked if it was possible that the results received today were from a previous visit. Assured they were not, he gave a characteristic smile and jokingly said that it was worth the try. I could sense the nervousness in that short retelling and my heart shattered.

My 84-year-old grandad, the beacon in my life, is waning. He, like the rest of us, is in the river—though he has long since begun to slow his search for firm footholds, pass beyond the well-meaning branches, and to accept the river's flow.

Edits: 

The current will take you where it will. My 84-year-old grandad, the beacon of my mother's side of the family, is dying. He floats with us down the river, but he has pulled ahead. He observes us grappling with the growing distance that separates us. ... not getting this right...

